sighs please try to describe it I do not
think I've ever seen before
you're really the only one who sought
and survived whatever it is it must
exist it's still there trapped
I must go into that cave before the
police there's another cave behind there
travel back with us to the beginning of
time when giant reptiles Thunder
defiance and ma'am is yet unborn from
this nightmare world emerges a fearsome
half-man half-ape with the strength of
twenty demons trapped in a dark
subterranean cavern its frozen fury
preserved in suspended animation
it comes silently screaming through the
ages this terrifying half-human Monster
awakens at last awakens now to vent its
murderous wrath on you
ha
whatever the risk this kill-crazy fiend
from hell must be destroyed you may want
to hide you may want to forget what you
see but you can't you can't escape stay
where you are dr. brockton that's an
order